[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
If you're a parent,
you've probably been faced
with a couple of very difficult
situations: the
choice of whether
or not to have your child
vaccinated, and whether
or not to allow them to use
fluoride in their dental care.
If you listen to the
official stories, what
seems to be a logical
case can be made for both.
But a choice for either can
have severe repercussions,
including lowered immune
function and lowered
IQ in your child.
I'm here in Austin, Texas
with Mike Adams, also
known as The Health Ranger.
He's spent a great deal
of time researching
both of these topics.
We're going to
start with fluoride.
I'm so glad to be
sitting here with you.
I've been going through
your site for years now.
In fact, Conscious
Media Network,
we used to recommend a lot
of people go to your site.
You are a health ranger.
>>MIKE ADAMS: Thank you, Regina.
>>REGINA: You rock.
>>ADAMS: It's great to be here.
I admire what you're
doing, as well.
I'm happy to be
contributing here today.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
Thank you.
And I love your little
film on fluoride,
because even though
it's a little film,
and I love the retro animation
that you chose to use.
It's so cute.
Very '50s, very '40s even.
But it tells a really
important story.
First, before we
show a clip, what
made you decide to
take that project on?
>>ADAMS: Well, fluoride is
the most important toxin
that people take
into their bodies,
I should say the
most profound toxin
that people are exposed to
on an involuntary basis.
So it's added to the water
without your knowledge
and you're dosing on
this psychoactive drug--
it is a drug-- without
a prescription,
without a medical diagnosis, and
without any warnings whatsoever
about you might have
extra fluoride from food,
from other sources.
Bottled water sometimes
adds fluoride.
You might be
overdosing on fluoride
without even knowing it.
But the real issue is that
fluoride isn't fluoride.
In other words, the
naturally occurring fluoride
that's found in the
groundwater, that's
not the same compound
molecule of fluoride
that is being dumped into
the water supply in cities.
That molecule is called
hexafluorosilicic acid.
And there are a
lot of variations
that are dumped into
the water supply,
like hydrofluorosilicic
acid as well.
But these molecules are not
naturally occurring fluoride,
so it's misnamed fluoride.
When they say we're
fluoridating your water,
they're actually not.
They're poisoning your water
with a different chemical
compound.
>>REGINA: Well,
we're going to talk
about why they're doing
this because that's really
a key part of it.
So obviously, you have
taken a great deal of time
to educate yourself
on the subject,
and I assume you felt
that animation, which
I am a total believer in,
was one of the best ways
to drive it home in a
short amount of time.
>>ADAMS: People don't want to
be bored by scientific articles,
scientific lingo even.
They want to get the gist of it
in a fun and entertaining way
that they can easily
share with others,
so that's what the
animation is all about.
>>REGINA: Well, we're going
to take a little look.
>>ADAMS: All right.
>>REGINA: Let's take a
look at about just a minute
or two of the film.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>REGINA: So what we just
heard in that final little bit
there was that this
stuff is considered
highly toxic by the EPA.
And later in the
film, you mentioned,
which I thought was so perfect,
if we were to go and dump
that stuff in the
water supply, it
would be called an
act of terrorism.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
Yes.
Under the US Patriot
Act anyone who
takes fluoride concentrated
toxic chemicals,
the hexafluorosilicic acid,
for example, if they were
to dump that into
a water supply,
they could be
arrested and charged
and prosecuted as a terrorist.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>ADAMS: But if you drip it
slowly into everyone's water,
it's called public health.
Imagine that.
>>REGINA: Well now, since we
didn't let our viewers have
the advantage of seeing the
entire animated film, which
I highly recommend
you do by the way,
I think it would be
good for you to tell us
a little bit about
the history of it
in terms of why they
started doing it,
part of mining process, the
connection with phosphorus
and all of it.
Just give us a long
version of it now.
>>ADAMS: Well, let's start
with the table of elements.
And I'm not going to get
overly scientific here,
but I think everybody
remembers the table of elements
from high school science
class or college chemistry
or whatever.
Fluorine is the element
in the table of elements
that is one of the most
reactive elements, most toxic.
And because of that, it is
used throughout industry
for all kinds of chemical
processes and chemical
compounds.
It's one of the
main ingredients,
by the way, in certain
antidepressant drugs,
because it reacts with
brain chemistry in a highly
reactive way.
So it has many, many functions.
But another main
function of fluoride,
which is a slightly
different form of fluorine,
the element, fluoride is the
chemical molecular structure
of fluorine, it's not
just the isolated element,
but it is used as
an insecticide.
So if you go to China,
and most of our fluoride
comes from China that's dumped
into municipal water supplies.
>>REGINA: That's
comforting, isn't it.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
Yes.
Number one, it's contaminated
with many other trace metals.
Typically arsenic, cadmium,
lead, mercury, those
are the four most
worrisome heavy metals
that you might typically
find in quote "fluoride."
But it's sold out of China
with marketing text that
says this is a
great insecticide.
You spray this on crops,
it kills everything.
It's great.
And it is a very commonly
used insecticide.
The same marketing material
out of China-- and we
did an investigation
on this and we
showed the pictures of
the big 40-foot containers
with bags of fluoride hanging
out the back, and it said,
this is great for use in
metals smelting chemistry,
and all kinds of
other industrial uses
that you wouldn't
ever want to eat.
And then at the
very end, it says,
also you can use it
to fluoridate water.
So they're admitting
this is a deadly poison.
It kills living
systems, which is
why it works as an insecticide.
And it's an industrial chemical.
It's a highly reactive element
and a chemical compound
in various forms.
And they're saying drink it.
So this is, I think, one of the
biggest public health hoaxes
that we've ever seen in history.
And I know you'll
love this to get
into sort of why
this is happening.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Let's do it, because this is
where it's called conspiracy
theory, and we're all sick
of the word conspiracy.
We're sick of it.
The fact is, it's just
people joining together
with an agenda,
generally, illegally.
That's a conspiracy.
And this is a
genuine conspiracy.
>>ADAMS: Absolutely.
And as I like to say, I
borrowed this from someone else,
but I'm not a
conspiracy theorist.
I'm a conspiracy analyst.
>>REGINA: Right.
That's a fair thing to say.
That's very good.
I like that.
>>ADAMS: There are all
kinds of conspiracies
all over the place.
Any two or three people get
together in a room and plot
to do something evil,
that's a conspiracy.
In fact, the federal
government charges
thousands of people
with conspiracy
every year for various
crimes, so they
believe in conspiracies, too.
>>REGINA: Well,
you certainly don't
want to go to a
girls locker room
when you're talking
about conspiring
to do something evil.
>>ADAMS: That's true, yeah.
So getting to why
this is happening.
Wow, you really have
to go back into,
I would say, the research
under Nazi Germany.
And you know, the
Hitler, the Nazi regime
is blamed for all
kinds of things.
But factually, scientifically
speaking, this was really
the grandfathering of the
modern pharmacological science,
was under the Nazi regime.
Where you had IG
Farben experimenting
with all kinds of
chemistry and how
it affects humans, and
actually conducting
experiments on humans.
Remember, it was the chairperson
of Bayer that went to prison,
was convicted under
the Nuremberg Trials,
for crimes against humanity.
And actually served prison
time and then came back
and was the
chairperson of Bayer.
>>REGINA: Wasn't the Bush family
heavily involved with Bayer?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
If you go back to
grandfather Bush and on back,
yes, absolutely.
But one of the things
they found with fluoride
is that fluoride alters
brain biochemistry.
It alters brain function
in very specific ways
that are useful to any
kind of, let's say,
oppressive regime that wants to
prevent people from waking up.
And so they found that if
you put enough fluoride
into the water in prison camps,
that the prisoners were more
docile and they were
easier to control.
They wouldn't have
ideas of breaking out
and they wouldn't
be as rebellious.
And so some people
believe that fluoride
is put into the water supply
in the cities in North America
and around the world today for
the same reason, that it keeps
people more docile,
they go along
with whatever they're told.
I would say there's
no proof of that,
but that's one
interesting theory.
An actual conspiracy theory.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>ADAMS: But I think there's
another reason behind all this
that doesn't have anything to do
with Nazi Germany or anything.
It's well known that
fluoride interferes
with functioning of your
endocrine system, the glands.
The thyroid gland in particular.
And people who are familiar
with bioenergy and energetics
understand that these
glands are the gateways
to spiritual connection,
to energetic layers that
exist beyond just the physical
and the biochemical layers
of your human
spiritual existence.
And I think what's
really going on here
is that fluoride shuts the
door to spiritual connection.
>>REGINA: Which of
the glands-- I mean,
is it affecting the
pineal gland, for example?
>>ADAMS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Because that would be-
>>ADAMS: The pineal
gland, I think, is key.
>>REGINA: -heavily
impacting that gateway.
>>ADAMS: Absolutely key.
Yes.
I think the thyroid gland,
which is very heavily
poisoned by fluoride, is to
keep people with low energy.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>ADAMS: Keep them
chronically fatigued
and to not have the creative
energy to do what they want.
But the pineal gland, or pineal
gland as pronunciations vary,
but that I think is
the gateway gland--
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>ADAMS: -to connection.
And fluoride hammers that gland.
And I think this is why you
get so many people today
who are somehow convinced,
and mainstream science
is teaching this, that you are
nothing but a biological skin
bag of water and
bones and protein,
and that you do not have any
existence beyond the physical.
You have no consciousness, you
have no spirit, no free will.
And when you die, you're dead
and gone and that's permanent.
Now, that's a very
dangerous philosophy.
>>REGINA: Very.
>>ADAMS: Because it excuses any
kind of behavior whatsoever.
It allows people
to abandon any kind
of philosophical foundation,
moral code, ethical code
of treating other people
with basic human dignity
because they feel
like they're not
responsible for their
actions after this lifetime.
I happen to believe, and I think
many of your viewers believe,
that our souls are eternal.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ADAMS: We survive this
physical experience.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ADAMS: And our souls,
some of our souls
are younger, some of our
souls are more mature,
been around a few
times let's say.
We are ultimately
responsible for everything.
>>REGINA: The way
I put it is, we
are the ones
inheriting this earth.
We always say, oh,
our grandchildren
and our great grandchildren.
It's like, how about you?
Look what you're
going to inherit.
>>ADAMS: That's right.
>>REGINA: I mean, really, when
you look at what's happening--
and this gets into a really
large and deep discussion.
>>ADAMS: Yes, yes.
And my favorite discussion.
>>REGINA: My favorite
discussion as well.
Because if you look at this from
the ultimate point of view--
and we'll just go
here for a little bit,
and I know some people
want to stay with this,
but I want to get back
into the nuts and bolts
so we understand, so we
have facts to give parents
about not fluoridating their
children and all of that.
But, to me, the big question
is-- the soul trumps all.
It can essentially--
everything that we
see that we call miracles
are really not miracles.
They're just the effect
of the soul being
able to manage things
quite efficiently
in the physical reality, right?
So, what happens to
this species if we
keep tampering, genetically
tampering, because we
are affecting the DNA through
all these things, right?
So if we have this chain
effect of affecting DNA
through all these toxins,
the big question to me
is what happens when these
bodies keep replicating.
Is there a way for
somehow this to adapt,
or the soul to adapt to it?
You see what I'm saying?
Or have we trashed this species
and souls have to flee and go
elsewhere in order to have
that alive experience again.
And I'm just tossing it out
there as a question mark
to consider.
>>ADAMS: I think that's a
really important question.
Because I believe,
and perhaps you
share elements of this belief,
that this physical universe is
in one sense kind of like
a simulation for the soul.
The soul enters the physical
body without a memory,
by the way, because
that would be
sort of cheating on the test.
>>REGINA: Oh, how
terrible would that-- well
not only that, all the
trauma and everything else.
How awful that would be.
>>ADAMS: True.
So you're here to discover
who you are, what you believe,
how you're going to interact
with other conscious beings,
what are your values,
to discover yourself
with a clean slate.
And so it's a training ground.
Now in order to experience
this training ground
in the proper way
that I think is
intended by the creative forces
of the greater universe that
somehow put all this
in place, I think
that you have to
have clarity of mind.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>ADAMS: So if you're-- now, I
believe that your consciousness
interfaces with
the physical brain.
This is the interface.
And if the interface goes bad,
then the signals get distorted.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>ADAMS: And so
even a person-- you
hear stories about people,
for example, going mad
because of metals poisoning.
Too much copper, too much lead,
these things can drive you mad.
The soul is still interfacing
with the physical brain,
but the brain has
become crippled
and has gone insane, meaning
that it can't properly
translate the signals
from the soul;
meaning that lifetime, which
is supposed to be a testing
ground, has become a disastrous
biological failure that traps
the soul until that
biological life is over.
The soul is set free, returned
back to source, let's say.
>>REGINA: Very well put.
>>ADAMS: And then gets
another chance, perhaps
through another body.
But we are crippling
the physical bodies
and the physical brain
matter across the population
of this world.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I mean, you see
people like yourself
and myself and the way I raised
my son and many, many, many
of the people watching this,
who have chosen to opt out
on every level they can from
this kind of degradation
of the physical body and brain.
And so you almost
wonder if one is alert,
such as you watching
this right now,
and you are taking
every care you can,
and some of it we can't.
We have chemtrails.
And some people were
drinking fluoridated water
long before they
knew it was an issue.
So I mean that's already--
what's been done is done.
You have this chain of
events going on right now.
It makes me-- It makes me sad
to think of the potential,
as I said earlier, that it won't
be an option to actually come
back and do this thing if
you're a conscious person.
On another level, is there
perhaps a polarization that's
occurring, where you
have people who are super
conscious and aware right
now, taking good care,
raising their kids like
Edward Group's little kids,
no vaccines, no nothing,
just healthy, little sparkly
beings-- and there are
really hundreds of thousands,
if not millions of them
around the planet--
that the species
continues on in one way
that direction by those who are
consciously aware and taking
care.
But then you have
the vast majority
of people who really
have succumbed
to the dullness of
what's been exerted.
>>ADAMS: Very true.
I'm an optimist for
human civilization.
And I think that even
though, in the short term,
we are headed for
many different crises,
environmental, heavy
metals pollution
of the food supply, which is
another area that I'm actually
focused on and
researching a lot,
and how that impacts
brain function.
But we are in one sense
destroying the physical planet;
but at the same time, the
backlash is a mass awakening.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>ADAMS: And the mass awakening
is accelerating through
so many different channels,
including what Gaiam is doing,
of course.
What you're doing.
But I think we are going to
have a complete loss of what,
I should say, the
awareness middle class.
There are going to be those
who are super conscious, as you
said, super aware, and who
are-- who have their souls
are able to interface
well with their brains
and they're able to
exercise clear thinking.
And then we're going to have
the majority, the masses, who
are poisoned.
And they are victims.
>>REGINA: They are victims, yes.
I don't like the word victim.
>>ADAMS: I know.
>>REGINA: But, in fact, if
you haven't had exposure
for whatever reason to
alternative information,
then you have no way to
make decisions differently.
It really, truly is about
the expansion of awareness.
>>ADAMS: You're exactly right.
And these people, they
are being poisoned
from so many different angles.
And not just the
chemical poisons,
but information poison.
>>REGINA: You bet.
>>ADAMS: Disinfo.
Being told these myths.
I just learned
today, by the way,
that a famous Hollywood
actress, Angelina Jolie,
just completed a preventive
double mastectomy.
She has no cancer.
>>REGINA: Oh my God.
>>ADAMS: She had both breasts
removed because her mother died
from cancer, and she
has the BRCA1 gene.
And so she believed a
myth that a genetic code
means you're going
to have this disease.
She needed to read
books by Bruce Lipton.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I've known Bruce for years.
>>ADAMS: Epigenetics,
gene expression.
>>REGINA: And look, she's
at the top level of society
on a socioeconomic
level and still
didn't have the
adequate information
to make a healthy
decision for herself.
>>ADAMS: That's Right.
And she's a spokesperson,
practically,
for the United Nations.
She's a model-- I don't
mean a supermodel.
I mean an example
for many women.
She's a symbol of femininity.
>>REGINA: So look at that.
Now what happens when your
symbol has made this choice.
But, I mean, you have to look
at why did she make the choice,
too.
And I don't want to get
into more conspiracy theory,
but, yes.
>>ADAMS: Yeah.
I don't want to condemn
anyone for making a choice,
but she thought obviously, it
was the best choice for her.
But it's just an
example of the way
that people buy
into disinformation,
and people are so easily
controlled by fear.
This was a fear-based
decision for sure.
In truth, if she
eats the right foods
and she nourishes her
body in the right way,
that BRCA gene will
never be expressed.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
but the agenda is
to continue this
kind of surgery.
I mean, this is an agenda.
>>ADAMS: Oh, yeah.
>>REGINA: I know
other women who have
done the same, where one
was affected, cut off both.
When you have someone at that
level saying, hey, it's OK.
I'll have prosthetics
put in and it's all
going to be fine in the end.
That sends a very large
ripple through the community
at large that this is
an OK thing to do now,
which suits the medical
industry just fine.
>>ADAMS: Well, and
I want to mention
that this is going
to be controversial,
but I'm going to lay
it out for you here.
>>REGINA: Yeah, do.
>>ADAMS: The cancer industry
is dominated by men.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>ADAMS: The medical
industry is dominated by men.
They are happy to
recommend that women
have their breasts
removed, but you'll
notice they never
recommend that men
who have a gene for possible
prostate cancer or testicular
cancer remove their testicles.
No.
This will never happen.
>>REGINA: It'll never happen.
>>ADAMS: In the cancer industry.
You'll never have men going
on the news saying, hey,
I removed my testicles.
I'm such a wonderful man.
I'm not going to
have cancer anymore.
Never going to happen.
>>REGINA: Never going to happen.
We're giggling about it
because the whole thing
is so atrocious.
Sometimes you have to laugh
because this is atrocious
that she chose to do that
and let the world know.
This is such a horrid signal
to the women of the world.
But there you go.
That's part of it.
That's part of the
media glitch that's
happening right now in
our brains, in our auras,
our entire energy system.
>>ADAMS: With that-- this is
crucial to know-- the idea
that your DNA is a biochemical
and physical blueprint.
And the idea that your
DNA is a blueprint
for death and disease, that's
a very dangerous meme right
there because it means
you are born defective.
And that the only way
you can be healthy
is to have intervention
through chemical intervention,
pharmacology, or
surgical intervention
through surgeons, like
Jolie chose to do.
Well, I believe
that actually we're
born with the perfect
blueprint for perfect health.
And that we are designed to
be perfectly healthy beings,
and all we have to do is
activate those segments of DNA
that are already built in there.
You know, your immune system
is the most miraculous example
of nanotechnology that has
ever been observed anywhere
in the known universe.
No scientists for
any drug company
can even create something as
simple as a red blood cell,
but your body does it
millions of times a day
without even thinking about it.
Your immune system
creates these things.
recognizes and builds
a database of foreign
invaders, stores that database,
and uses that to
keep you healthy
even when you're
not aware of it.
>>REGINA: I know.
It's just miraculous.
>>ADAMS: It's miraculous.
So all you have to do is learn
how to express or unleash
the genetic code
that you already
have that says you're
built to be a perfectly
healthy, happy
productive human being.
>>REGINA: And from my
understanding the way
it's going to go,
for those who are
able to protect this in
their own DNA lineage,
we are going to be
living more like 120,
130 years in the
very near future.
>>ADAMS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: We're really
headed that direction now.
>>ADAMS: I think that the
DNA is designed for us
to live much longer
than we do today.
But even if a
lifespan is limited,
and a human life span is
short, even if it's 120,
that's still plenty of time to
explore the spiritual truths
and to go through the
exercise, THE learning
that I think we're intended
to go through when we're here.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
OK.
So now that we've had that
lovely discussion, which I--
>>ADAMS: Sorry to get
way off track with you.
>>REGINA: No.
Are you kidding?
I'm right there with you.
>>ADAMS: Oh, good.
>>REGINA: We could go
that direction for hours.
So, because we've promised
to talk about fluoride,
we'll now start going back
into the fluoride story
because there's
another part of this.
The whole-- I've
talked about this
in other interviews, some
fabulous information on autism.
A woman working with Bill
Tiller on a consciousness level
with autism, which we'll be
doing in another week or so.
But, let's talk about
fluoride and autism,
and also the subject
of lowered IQ.
>>ADAMS: Oh, OK.
Yeah.
Well, let's start
with lowered IQ.
A lot of good solid
research links high intake
of fluoride with impaired IQ.
And that research, by
the way, was done mostly
on water wells in China and
throughout Asia, Southeast
Asia as well, that had high
levels of naturally occurring
fluoride.
So that's showing that even
quote "natural" fluoride can
impair your IQ and impede brain
function and brain development.
Imagine the synthetic
chemical versions
of fluoride, how much more
toxic those really are.
There's this tendency for people
to think that if something
comes out of the ground,
it's quote "natural"
and therefore it
must be good for you.
This is a very
dangerous thought,
very dangerous false meme.
There are lots of things
that come out of the wells--
>>REGINA: Arsenic.
>>ADAMS: -that are
very dangerous.
Arsenic.
Cadmium, for example.
Did you know that
the cadmium has
a half life in your
body of about 25 years.
Whatever cadmium you intake
today, half of that's
still there 25 years later.
And cadmium causes kidney
disease and kidney failure,
and bone disorders, and
so many other things.
Well, decades ago they found
cadmium was very high in rice
in Japan and people were dying
from a disease-- they even
had a name for it,
I forgot the name.
They didn't realize it
was cadmium poisoning.
That's because there
was a mine nearby
where they were pulling
rocks out of the ground
and the cadmium was getting
washed into the water that
was then feeding the rice,
which grows in water.
So the rice was
very high in cadmium
and it was poisoning all
these Japanese workers
who were working the fields.
>>ADAMS: And so,
all these things
that come out of
the ground, these
are called inorganic forms
of metals, rocks, elements,
whatever the case may be.
Inorganic forms.
Your body doesn't
want inorganic forms.
Your body wants organic forms.
And I mean organic from a
molecular point of view.
Not organic as in USDA
certified organic farming.
A lot of people know that
chromium is very important.
It's a trace mineral for
regulating blood sugar.
Diabetics are often
deficient in chromium.
But a lot of people
don't know that chromium
comes in basically two different
forms, two chemical forms.
There's hexavalent chromium,
sometimes called chromium-6,
which is a toxin.
It is extremely toxic.
And then there's trivalent
chromium, chromium-3,
which is the trace
mineral that's
essential for blood
sugar control.
So you've get chromium in these
different isotopes essentially,
and someone who doesn't know
the difference might say,
well, chromium is good.
Or someone who's studying
environmental pollution
might say, well, chromium's bad.
Chromium is terrible.
That's because there's
different forms of chromium.
The same thing's
true with mercury.
There's methyl mercury.
There's ethyl mercury.
In arsenic, there's organic
and inorganic arsenic.
And sometimes you might have a
ratio of 2/3 inorganic arsenic
in rice versus 1/3
organic arsenic in rice.
The organic arsenic is harmless.
The inorganic arsenic is poison.
So what's the difference?
And this is what
I'm getting at here.
I'm not trying to just throw out
a bunch of elemental analysis.
The point is that plants, plants
take poisons and turn them
into nutrients.
So what's the difference
between the poisonous arsenic
or the poisonous chromium
and the healthy version?
Normally it's that plants
transform it, living systems.
Now, I don't know
about you, but I
believe that plants have
some level of consciousness.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>ADAMS: Trees are conscious
beings, just not mammals.
>>REGINA: Families of trees.
Well, we could go
on about that, too.
I have a lot of
thoughts on that.
>>ADAMS: I think they
have perhaps less complex
consciousness than we do.
I'm not saying a tree has
the same neurology as a human
being.
But I think--
>>REGINA: But they have
collective and individual
consciousness and
learn together.
>>ADAMS: Absolutely.
Absolutely agree.
Yes.
And they sense and
they experience,
a tree experiences things.
So plants have this
almost magical ability
to take poisons and turn
them into nutrients.
And so many of
these metals that we
know of as nutrients, like
zinc, for example, magnesium,
manganese even, trace elements,
these are all toxic metals
if you dig them up
out of the ground.
You let plants process them
and then you eat the plants.
Suddenly these become
life-saving nutrients
that are bioavailable, that
have the right chemistry
for the body that have healthy
brains, healthy immune systems
and so on.
I know getting back
to fluoride, this myth
that just because fluoride
occurs naturally in some wells
doesn't mean that we're supposed
to add fluoride to our water
to bring it up to
the level that it
is in the wells
where it's toxic.
It makes no sense.
>>REGINA: No, it
doesn't make any sense.
And you know, when we're looking
at the hidden sources of it,
so many people now have
gotten onto the notion you
can eat this agribusiness
food anymore.
GMOs, a lot of other things.
They've just depleted the lands.
The nutrients aren't there.
Trace minerals aren't there.
So we grow our little
organic backyard gardens.
But often if we're doing this,
for example, in the suburbs
or in the city, we're using
fluoridated water supplies,
so let's talk about
that for a minute.
>>ADAMS: It's done on
a massive scale too.
Fluoridated water is used
in conventional agriculture.
The good news is
that the potency
of the fluoride in the water
that you put on a garden,
it's diluted a
lot and the plants
help reduce the toxicity
of that through some amount
of transformation, like
what we just talked about,
but it is there.
And what goes along
with the fluoride often
is trace levels of heavy metals.
Now, plants can actually
concentrate the heavy metals
and not all of them
get transformed.
This is why rice has both
organic and inorganic arsenic.
Only some of it can
get transformed.
Now every plant has
a different array
of metals that it will absorb.
Some plants are
actually what are
called bioremediation plants.
If you have, let's say, too
much mercury on your land,
you plant all these
certain types of plants
and they pull the mercury out.
And then you can take
the plant somewhere else
and your soil is
relatively mercury free.
But if that happens
to be your tomatoes,
then you're eating
mercury-enhanced tomatoes
fortified with extra mercury.
And there is no form of
mercury that's good for you,
by the way.
All forms are bad.
>>REGINA: You know, that's
an interesting thing.
I mean, again, we can go
on all these tangents,
but I find them interesting.
When you're looking at the
bioengineering of seeds
and foods, do you know of
any kind of bioengineering
that would actually create
that kind of harmful effect?
Where it would take a plant
that normally does not
do bioremediation in
a really strong way
and take something
that's heavily consumed
and have it start pulling up
an odd array of heavy metals?
>>ADAMS: Oh, that's
very possible.
>>REGINA: Is that being
engineered or done?
>>ADAMS: No, I don't
think that's being
engineered right now.
>>REGINA: Oh, good.
>>ADAMS: But there are a lot
of labs that are being set up.
I know for a fact,
because I know
some of the people involved
in this, that companies
like DuPont are building
massive numbers of greenhouses
at different locations
for experiments
to experiment with
all kinds of things
that they don't
need to disclose.
So there may be
experiments on absorption--
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's what--
>>ADAMS: -modifications.
>>REGINA: -I'm wondering.
>>ADAMS: There may be.
And those companies might
say-- if it does go public,
they might say, well,
we're doing this just
for bioremediation purposes.
We want to help
clean up toxic soils.
And that might be
their public excuse.
>>REGINA: You could also
say a public excuse could
be, we're looking to
help reintroduce more
of the trace minerals
into the diet.
There are a lot of ways to
introduce that information.
I have to say, one of the
most embarrassing moments
in my career was 20 years ago
when I was used as a shill,
unknowingly.
It was called "The
Envir Report."
I was doing an
environmental report
for home use and understanding,
foods and the things
we clean with and so forth.
1992 actually, more
than 20 years ago.
And I got called in by UCD,
University of California
at Davis, to do this special
report on this brand new tomato
that lasts longer on the shelf.
And I didn't
understand the concept.
I knew some basic
environmental stuff,
it's a learning curve thing.
And I think I was one
of the first reporters
to actually do a little piece
on the loveliness of the Flavr
Savr tomato and this
long shelf life.
And it didn't take long
to figure that out.
I was so embarrassed later.
>>ADAMS: Well, no need
to be embarrassed.
It's very easy for us to be
influenced by these promises.
If you look at
science-- and when
I say science, what I
mean today is really
corporate driven science.
I don't mean actual
real science,
which is the humble
act of asking
for answers from the universe.
I'm talking about
corporate driven science--
it's always marketed
as a benefit.
We're going to make
your life better.
Better living through chemistry.
>>REGINA: Well,
see, I didn't even
know that disinformation
back then.
20 years ago, I had no idea
that we were being lied to.
I mean, I did get the
fluoride picture, but not
much else, honestly.
It's because of
people like yourself
that this explosion of
knowledge is happening
so that we can even begin
to evaluate any of this.
No one was doing
shows like yours then.
>>ADAMS: Well, look, I was
in the same boat as you.
I didn't wake up until maybe
a little over a decade ago
and start really questioning.
And I think part
of that reason was
because I was raised
on processed foods,
and antibiotics--
>>REGINA: Velveeta
cheese sandwiches.
>>ADAMS: -and vaccines.
I was vaccinated as a child.
All these things--
pesticides on the lawn--
all these things that I
didn't know any better
and my family didn't
know any better.
And they were doing the best job
that they knew to raise a child
and feed that child
the best they could.
But there's no way
that they could know.
>>REGINA: No.
>>ADAMS: Just like today.
Here's a massively
fascinating fact
that no one else
is talking about,
since we're on the
subject of metals
and interfering
with brain function.
You're probably familiar
with Prop 65 in California.
It has very stringent
limits on the levels
of metals
contamination, but only
in herbs and
supplements and water.
Turns out that food can have
unlimited contamination.
>>REGINA: Oh, gosh.
I didn't realize that.
>>ADAMS: Yeah, it
doesn't apply to food.
It doesn't apply to food at all.
Turns out that the USDA
organic certification
has no limit and no testing of
the levels of lead, mercury,
arsenic, and cadmium
that's in your food.
>>REGINA: You are kidding me.
>>ADAMS: I'm not kidding.
>>REGINA: So just pesticides,
herbicides, fungicides.
>>ADAMS: Not even that.
USDA doesn't test the
level of these things.
USDA certifies a process
of farming, not a result.
A process only.
So a lot of food
that's grown in China
is certified
organic by the USDA.
It's grown on farms that are
adjacent to chemical factories
that are pushing out
mercury, cadmium, lead
into the fields that's being
taken up by the plants, that's
being imported into the USA.
The FDA only inspects 1%
to 2% of the food imports,
and it tests even fewer.
So these foods are heavily
contaminated with heavy metals,
and being sold as USDA
organic at health food stores
and healthy grocers all
across this country right now.
>>REGINA: Well, I think
most people watching
this have kind of gotten
the China message on food.
Don't go there.
Don't go to China for
your food supplies.
However, let's look
at the implications,
as you say, with the details
that we may have neglected
to see in Prop 65 in California.
What does that mean for
the rest of the country?
the agricultural business
in terms of organics even?
I mean, I know you
have borderline.
When you have Walmart starting
to carry cheap organics,
you know that some legislation
has been tampered with
and the standards have
probably been lowered.
I get that.
Yet, some people
would argue, hey,
at least it's a bump up from
what they were doing before.
And everyone has to argue
that out on their own.
But that said, where
do we start getting
truly healthful, in their
normal spectrum of nutrients,
food now?
I mean, unless you do grow your
own with non-fluoridated water.
>>ADAMS: The answer
is aquaponics.
The answer is growing
in your own greenhouse.
And I like the
aquaponic technology
because it is the closest
thing to real nature
that you can do
in your own home.
You could even do it on a
small scale in an apartment.
If you have a small yard, easy.
If you have a
greenhouse, even better.
But you can grow
high-density nutrition.
And here's the best
part about aquaponics.
I'm not going to go into
all the details of it
because I know that's
not your topic today.
>>REGINA: Well, just give
us a thumbnail sketch
of how it works.
>>ADAMS: Well, it's fish in a
tank, a large tank, sometimes
300 gallons.
And it's food in grow beds.
The fish, they provide the
nutrients to feed the plants,
but it's transformed by worms
and bacteria, by the way.
So it's a whole ecosystem.
And then the plants clean
the water for the fish.
>>REGINA: It's really
a beautiful system.
>>ADAMS: It's a great system.
Fish will die if they
have too much ammonia
in the water, which
typically happens if you just
have a fish tank.
You have to clean
out the fish tank.
It's an artificial system.
Plants will die if they
don't have enough nutrition,
essentially, so you have to
always feed them nutrients.
And then you get too much salt
buildup if you're feeding them
chemical nutrients and so on.
So by themselves,
both of these systems
fail, or they're
high maintenance.
Together they clean each other.
They nourish each other.
It's a synergistic system.
But here's the
best part about it.
A lot of people are aware
of certain nutrients that
are missing in the
soils, such as selenium.
Selenium, there's
an enormous amount
of research showing
that selenium
is crucial for not only
brain function, preventing
Alzheimer's disease, but
also for normal regular cell
division, i.e.
cancer prevention.
Selenium is crucial
for that, but it's
missing in most of the foods.
How do you get selenium
into your diet?
Well, you could buy
selenium supplements,
and that's a great choice.
But the best way would be
to take selenium supplements
and feed them to an
aquaponics system
where have selenium
circulating in your water,
so all your plans are uptaking--
>>REGINA: So much
more intelligent.
>>ADAMS: -the selenium.
Yeah.
And it's also a lot cheaper.
>>REGINA: Naturally mineralizing
your plant sources again.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
Yes.
You want magnesium.
You want natural iron
from your plants.
>>REGINA: Can that be
introduced into aquaponics
without damaging the
fish and having them
even healthier or heartier?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
You can't put elemental
iron into the system
because at too high levels
it's toxic to the fish.
But you can do foliar sprays
of iron on the plants.
Selenium can circulate
throughout the system.
And other minerals can.
Like manganese, for
example, can circulate,
and zinc, at certain
levels can circulate
throughout the system.
So the really smart people
today are researching ways
to grow their own food and turn
their food into their mineral
supplements.
>>REGINA: That is
just such a cool way.
We haven't gone that far yet,
but we've talked about it.
And we just settled into
a new house, old house
that we brought back, and that
is a really viable option.
If you have any land at all,
it doesn't take a lot of space.
>>ADAMS: Yeah.
Versus if you were
to put selenium
on your soil in a
garden, 90% of that's
going to get washed
out and not absorbed.
But selenium in an
aquaponics system
gets 100% utilized because it's
a recirculating water system.
You're not losing the water.
Nothing's washing out.
So whatever you put
into that system
gets concentrated
into the plants.
I'm convinced this is the key.
That people who are long
term survivors-- let's say,
I think we have a
food collapse coming.
I think there's
genetic pollution.
I think there is
weather radicalization.
I think we have blights in
the citrus crops right now.
We have the bananas
that are being
grown in Ecuador are all
subject to a disease that's
killing them all because
there's no genetic diversity.
They're all clones.
All bananas are grown
from clones commercially.
All the same genetics.
We have all of these
things that are leading us
to a collapse of the
food supply, which
is one of these
short term crises
that I spoke about earlier.
But people who are going to
be able to survive and thrive
through that are people
who have mastered
the art of growing
their own medicine
and food in high-density,
self-contained greenhouses
and aquaponics systems.
It's the key technology.
>>REGINA: You bet.
And one thing you're
not going to introduce
is fluoride into your
aquaponics system.
>>ADAMS: No fluoride
into the system.
No.
>>REGINA: And if you don't mind,
this whole myth was created
and basically, we bought it.
Because who wants
to have bad teeth?
Who wants their kids to
have bad teeth, right?
Talk about the reality
regarding fluoride and teeth.
>>ADAMS: Yeah.
OK.
So dental fluorosis is
one of the main side
effects of too much
fluoride, and you
see that in a lot of kids.
Their front teeth my
turn dark or black.
>>REGINA: And with white
spots all over them, too.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Mottling of the teeth.
Fluoride can be toxic in
relatively small levels.
Now there is some
evidence to show
that the right kind of fluoride
can be useful topically only.
That if you rinse
your teeth with it
and then spit it out, that
that may be beneficial.
That's the best
argument they've got.
But then why would you drink it?
Let's say if you're trying
to put on sun lotion
to block UV light
from your skin,
well you wouldn't
drink the sunscreen.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>ADAMS: It doesn't
make any sense.
If it's topical, it's topical.
It's not for ingestion.
But that's the best
argument they can make.
>>REGINA: So fluoride
in toothpaste.
>>ADAMS: Well, if
you spit it out.
Again, I'm not a proponent
of fluoride in toothpaste.
I'm saying their
best argument is
that it might be
useful topically.
But the truth is, if you
have a high natural mineral
diet from super foods
and organic foods,
and you're not destroying your
teeth through processed junk
foods, refined sugars,
and phosphoric acid,
which is in all
sodas by the way.
That's what makes them acidic
is the phosphoric acid.
Stone masons use that to
etch patterns into rock.
OK.
That's going to
destroy your teeth.
>>REGINA: Your enamel.
Yeah.
>>ADAMS: And the bacteria that
follow from the high fructose
corn syrup that's
also in the soda.
So if you just eat wisely
and don't destroy your teeth,
you don't have an
issue with tooth enamel
in the first place.
>>REGINA: And when you look at
the work of the Weston Price
Foundation, for example.
I mean some of the work he did--
and this was a few decades ago
now-- going into indigenous
regions of the world, the one
common trait he found were these
beautiful, healthy white teeth.
These people do not sue
fluoride, obviously.
You're talking about
people that were living
very close to the land,
eating natural foods
with natural compounds in
them, and healthy, beautiful
straight white teeth.
Full mouths of teeth
even into later years.
>>ADAMS: When you
say full mouths, too,
you're exactly right about that.
You'll notice that
in those photos
from the book, "Nutrition
and Physical Degeneration,"
the photos show large
mouths full of teeth.
And at first, you
might not notice it.
But if you go back and you
really do the research,
you find out that
what's happening today,
why so many people
have teeth crowding
is because their jaw
line is being destroyed
by the acids in what
they're drinking.
They're drinking such
acidic beverages, normally
sodas, that it's
actually robbing
the mineralization of their
entire skeletal system,
especially the jawbone.
Then the jaw gets smaller
and the jaw gets sunken in,
it actually shoots
back this direction,
the mouth gets crowded,
the teeth get crowded.
Now, I'm one of the few people
alive today, apparently,
who has all my wisdom teeth.
It freaks dentists out.
>>REGINA: No wonder
you're so wise.
>>ADAMS: Come on, no.
>>REGINA: I know.
It's an old joke.
>>ADAMS: Old joke.
But dentists freak out--
>>REGINA: Really.
And they grew in straight.
>>ADAMS: -when they
look in my mouth.
Yeah, they grew in straight.
No problems whatsoever.
Dentists freak out.
They look at my
mouth and they say,
I have never seen this many
teeth in one person's mouth.
I had a dentist about a decade
ago who saw it and said,
those have to come out.
>>REGINA: And they're fine
and functional and healthy.
>>ADAMS: Yeah.
He's like you've got
to cut those teeth out.
I think it's Angelina
Jolie's surgeon now.
You've got to cut those out.
I said, Mr.-- I don't remember
his name-- you're insane.
I told him you're insane.
These are asymptomatic,
no symptoms, no problem,
and they came in years ago.
Why do you want to remove a
perfectly healthy set of teeth
from my jawbone?
I didn't even come
to you for that.
I just wanted some
basic dental checkups.
These people are crazy.
They're insane.
And when it comes to dentists
going insane-- by the way,
I'm not saying all
dentists are bad.
There are many great holistic
dentists that I love.
>>REGINA: I think it's the
highest rate of suicide
though, because
of the depression
having to do with the
mercury, et cetera.
>>ADAMS: It's the mercury.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
When it comes to
dentists, the insane ones
are mercury poisoned.
Those amalgam fillings are more
than 50% mercury typically.
>>REGINA: They don't warn them
about that in dental school.
>>ADAMS: No.
And the mercury
poisoning that they get
is also reflected in
what the patient gets.
So if you start putting together
all these toxins that we're
talking about just today
in this short segment,
you've got fluoride, which
is also a neurotoxin,
you've got mercury, which
is a very potent neurotoxin,
and then you've got
things that are injected
into your tissues via vaccines.
>>REGINA: Let's go there.
That kind of takes us right
back to Nazi Germany again,
I think, where we started
in this conversation, right.
>>ADAMS: Yeah.
So on vaccines, let me take
the most reserved point of view
on this, and let's say,
for argument's sake,
that I agree with
the doctors who
say that vaccination
theory works.
That if you put a small amount
of a certain weakened virus
into someone's body, they will
build antibodies in response
to that.
It will be like a rehearsal
for the immune system,
and then they will be
immune to the disease.
Now let's say
just, again, that I
agree with that, which I
don't but we can pick that
apart later, but let's
say I agree with that.
Why would you then put into the
vaccine aluminum, a neurotoxin,
MSG, a neurotoxin, formaldehyde,
a neurotoxin, and mercury,
a neurotoxin, and all
four of these ingredients,
by the way, are admitted by the
CDC on the government website.
You can go to the CDC,
you can pull it up.
We took a screen shot
of it, we captured it.
They admit that mercury,
aluminum, MSG, and formaldehyde
are still used in vaccines.
Why would you
inject into a child
these substances at
any dose, any dose?
>>REGINA: Very good question.
>>ADAMS: I don't care if
it's 1 part per trillion,
it's too much.
>>REGINA: Oh, they say, oh,
no, it's a preservative.
>>ADAMS: It's a deadly
toxic preservative.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>ADAMS: That's how it kills
the bacteria in the solution.
That's how it works.
>>REGINA: The very thing that
is supposed to be active.
>>ADAMS: So there's a movement
out there for something
called "green" vaccines
or "clean" vaccines.
That would be a great
starting point to say,
let's have single
dose vials that
are not formulated with
mercury, aluminum, MSG,
and formaldehyde.
Now the aluminum, by the way,
is not used as a preservative.
It's used as an adjuvant to
cause an inflammatory reaction,
which is a whole other ballgame,
back that gets into autism.
But why wouldn't you
have clean vaccines
if you were a vaccine
proponent and you
cared about the
health of children?
So when they say this
is about public health,
we want to save children,
we want to help children,
they're lying.
They're lying because
those vaccines contain
four known neurotoxins that are
being injected into children
and children are
having seizures,
they're going into
comas, they're
having reactions that are
now being explained away.
They're even saying
that seizures are now
normal after your
child gets vaccinated.
Oh, don't worry.
They're going to have
a little seizure.
>>REGINA: Oh, just
don't get me going.
>>ADAMS: It's normal.
>>REGINA: This is sick.
It's so sick.
>>ADAMS: They might have a
fever, a seizure, crying,
whatever.
And then they're going
to come out of it
and they're going to be fine.
That's the new meme.
>>REGINA: Well, and you write
about a fellow, Dr. Paul Offit.
Whoa.
He made some incredibly
bold and incredibly ignorant
statement, right?
That a baby could handle
100,000 different elements
in their vaccines.
A baby?
And then he had to downsize it,
maybe he misspoke, to 10,000.
>>ADAMS: I'm actually going
to challenge Offit to--
I'm going to offer
him $1 million
if he will take
100,000 vaccine shots.
That's $10 a shot--
>>REGINA: Better yet, have
his grandchildren do it.
>>ADAMS: -that's good pay.
>>REGINA: Have him administer
to his grandchildren.
>>ADAMS: There you go.
Can you imagine how much mercury
is in even just 1,000 vaccines?
>>REGINA: But let's talk about
who this guy is, and let's
talk about how he's
been compensated
with Merck and all that.
It's important to understand
how this information gets out
there.
>>ADAMS: I really don't want
to get into any focus on Offit.
>>REGINA: All right.
Let's get out of it then.
>>REGINA: Because I think
he is an anti-human demon.
I literally believe--
look, I think some people,
this is my opinion, I think
some people get taken over
by demonic spiritual forces.
>>REGINA: With a
statement like his,
that would be a
candidate for it.
>>ADAMS: And if you
look around society,
in the UK there was a
famous DJ, Jimmy Savile.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
Dark.
>>ADAMS: David Icke talked
about this guy for many years.
Very dark individual.
I don't want to pollute
this with all that talk.
But when you look at people
who are predators of children,
and you see that in
the vaccine industry.
That's where you find
the literal demons.
>>REGINA: It's anti-life.
>>ADAMS: Absolutely
it's anti-life.
>>REGINA: It's anti-life
and I bring it up
simply because he
works in collusion
with a very large
pharmaceutical company.
And these kinds of "studies,"
these kinds of statements
from these "authorities"
are frequently
coming from this
kind of individual.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
You find-- well
again, I don't want
to go into too much of
that because it's really
quite horrifying.
But I think on the
flip side of that,
I feel like the mission
of people like you
and I and others in this
realm, is really-- at least one
of our main missions
here is to protect life.
To learn how to protect life.
To learn the importance
of protecting life,
which means to grasp
the sacredness of life.
We're not just
inanimate minerals
thrown together and
bound by carbon atoms.
>>REGINA: No.
And I'm with you 100%.
Every time I go into any
kind of deep reflection
and connect out there, I'm
very hopeful for humanity.
In the end, I agree
100% also, I think
we have some bumps to
go through and this
is where it gives us a chance
to exert our will and authority
over ourselves and
our consciousness.
>>ADAMS: Absolutely.
And that's one of
the main lessons
is for us to gain the maturity
to understand, number one, just
how powerful each of us is.
And then two, to exercise that
power with responsibility.
So it's a scary
thing at one level
to be a person of
influence, as both of us
are in our own realms.
People of influence,
people listen to us.
Others may attack
us, but that's fine.
But people share time with
us to learn some of the ideas
that we might be sharing.
And it's important that when
you have that kind of influence,
that you very carefully look
at yourself at what are you
going after.
I attack certain ideas,
I expose certain things.
And then I endorse and
support other ideas.
So it means you have to
have very high skills
of discernment, and to also
be immune to being manipulated
or fooled.
You mentioned an
example earlier.
>>REGINA: Oh, you bet.
>>ADAMS: I've been tricked.
I've been fooled.
I've been exploited.
To be able to discern
the difference
is a great spiritual skill.
>>REGINA: It is.
And we're about out
of time and I just
want to say you do a lovely
job in your discernment,
and it is a challenge for
everyone in this field.
>>ADAMS: And we're
always learning.
>>REGINA: We're learning.
And people in this field
are exposed and pressured
a lot of different
ways, and it's
important to
understand that it is
through that connection and that
cleanliness of your own being
that allows you to
have that discernment.
And fluoride, nyet.
Nyet.
>>ADAMS: Yeah.
You take fluoride out of your
life, your clarity skyrockets.
>>REGINA: You bet.
And so on that
note, thank you so
much for spending some
time with me on this.
It's been a very
elucidating conversation.
Thank you.
>>ADAMS: Well,
thank you, Regina.
It's my pleasure to join you.
>>REGINA: I hope this
has emboldened you
into standing up
for both your rights
and the rights of your kids.
There's a wealth of information
on Mike's website, which
is naturalnews.com.
If you sign up for
the free newsletter,
it also gives you
access to the e-books
you heard me talking about.
Invaluable information.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]